[docs] Migrate Getting Started section (#255)
mui-org/material-ui-x: docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/getting-started/getting-started.md

| [Master detail](/components/data-grid/group-pivot/#master-detail)                       | ❌        | 🚧             |
| [Grouping](/components/data-grid/group-pivot/#grouping)                                 | ❌        | 🚧             |
| [Aggregation](/components/data-grid/group-pivot/#aggregation)                           | ❌        | 🚧             |
| [Pivoting](/components/data-grid/group-pivot/#pivoting)                                 | ❌        | 🚧             |
| **Misc**                                                                                |           |                |
| [Accessibility](/components/data-grid/accessibility/)                                   | ✅        | ✅             |
| [Keyboard navigation](/components/data-grid/accessibility/#keyboard-navigation)         | ✅        | ✅             |
| [Localization](/components/data-grid/localization/)                                     | 🚧        | 🚧             |
| RTL                                                                                     | 🚧        | 🚧             |

### License key installation

> Once you purchase a license, you receive a license key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once you purchase a license, you'll receive a license key.
```

This key should be provided to the enterprise package to remove the watermark and
the warnings in the console.

```jsx
import { LicenseInfo } from '@material-ui/x-grid';

LicenseInfo.setLicenseKey(
  'x0jTPl0USVkVZV0SsMjM1kDNyADM5cjM2ETPZJVSQhVRsIDN0YTM6IVREJ1T0b9586ef25c9853decfa7709eee27a1e',
);
```

The grid checks the key without making any network requests.

## Support

For crowdsourced technical questions from expert Material-UI devs in our community. Also frequented by the Material-UI core team.

[Post a question](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/material-ui)

### GitHub <img src="/static/images/logos/github.svg" width="24" height="24" alt="GitHub logo" loading="lazy" />

> We use GitHub issues exclusively as a bugs and feature requests tracker. If you think you have found a bug, or have a new feature idea, please start by making sure it hasn't already been [reported or fixed](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aclosed). You can search through existing issues and pull requests to see if someone has reported one similar to yours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use GitHub issues exclusively as a bug and feature request tracker. If you think you have found a bug, or have a new feature idea, please start by making sure it hasn't already been [reported or fixed](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x/issues?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=is%3Aopen+is%3Aclosed). You can search through existing issues and pull requests to see if someone has reported one similar to yours.
```

[Open an issue](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x/issues/new/choose)

### StackOverflow <img src="/static/images/logos/stackoverflow.svg" width="24" height="24" alt="StackOverflow logo" loading="lazy" />

For crowdsourced technical questions from expert Material-UI devs in our community. Also frequented by the Material-UI core team.

[Post a question](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/material-ui)

### Enterprise support

> We provide a private support channel for the enterprise customers on [Zendesk](https://material-ui.zendesk.com/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide a [private support channel](https://material-ui.zendesk.com/) for enterprise customers.
```

### Roadmap

> You can find our public roadmap on this [GitHub project](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x/projects/1). It's organized by quarter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is [the public roadmap](https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui-x/projects/1). It's organized by quarter.
```

> > ⚠️ Disclaimer: We operate in a dynamic environment, and things are subject to change. The information provided is intended to outline the general framework direction. It's intended for informational purposes only. We may decide to add/remove new items at any time depending on our capability to deliver while meeting our quality standards. The development, releases, and timing of any features or functionality of Material-UI remains at the sole discretion of Material-UI. The roadmap does not represent a commitment, obligation, or promise to deliver at any time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ Disclaimer: We operate in a dynamic environment, and things are subject to change. The information provided is intended to outline the general framework direction, for informational purposes only. We may decide to add or remove new items at any time, depending on our capability to deliver while meeting our quality standards. The development, releases, and timing of any features or functionality remains at the sole discretion of Material-UI. The roadmap does not represent a commitment, obligation, or promise to deliver at any time.
```
